# Data analysis files and for the 2023 study "*No sensory visual imagery in aphantasia? An intricate question when it comes to priming*"

This folder contains all the files - data and code - necessary to reproduce the analysis presented in the article "*No sensory visual imagery in aphantasia? An intricate question when it comes to priming*". Download the entire `supplementary-materials/` folder in OSF as a `.zip`. Extract the folder anywhere on your computer, and open the file `analysis.RProj` in RStudio. Opening the `.RProj` (R project) file will automatically set the folder containing it as the working directory and ease considerably the work and navigation in this "project" (the folder containing all the relevant files). The `_quarto.yml` file is used to setup several options for the rendering of `.qmd` files.

Several analyses needed large amounts of time (e.g. the power analyses took an hour per simulation, fitting and comparing all GLMMs takes several minutes even with parallel processing), so their outputs have been stored in `.RDS` files for reproducibility and ease of use. The `.RDS` files are in the `analyses-results/` folder. The content of `.RDS` files can be read in R using the function `readRDS(file = "file-name.RDS")`, and stored in variables. They can contain any type of R object (dataframes, lists, models, etc.). These files are loaded in the main code file generating the report, `analysis-report.qmd`, but the initial computations are not re-done upon rendering the report (intially for easier editing). The random seed has been fixed for the whole analysis, to ensure reproducibility of the analyses. 

The full analysis report has been rendered in the HTML file `analysis-report.html` for reading in a browser. This file is located in the archive `analysis-report.zip`: extract it with all its contents (needed for proper reading of the HTML) and open the HTML file in the browser of your choice.

